[car engine revving]
[car engine stops]
[indistinct music playing
on radio]
[exhales sharply]
Hi.
Is Rob in here?
I thought you both left.
[exhales sharply]
Mind checking the back?
He's making me late for my cake.
Singer:
♪ I'm gonna give you all I got ♪
[door opens]
Singer: ♪ So baby hold on to me ♪
[door closes]
Singer:
♪ Whatever will be. will be ♪
♪ The future is ours to see ♪
[door opens]
Singer:
♪ When you hold on to me ♪
♪ Oh-oh. rich man. poor man ♪
[door closes]
Singer: ♪ Now really don't mean
all that much ♪
Uh. maybe. um...
if he comes back.
tell him to take a cab home
before his father
kicks his rear-end.
Okay. Mrs. Piest.
Happy birthday again.
Thanks. Kim.
[chuckles] Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
Elizabeth: Is Rob here?
What are you talking about?
Kenneth: Mom?
Ma?
[ominous music playing]
What's going on?
[sighs] I can't find him.
Harold:
I understand protocol. sir.
Was in Korea.
We cannot wait 24 hours.
Very well. Fine.
We'll be in touch.
Here. Smell this.
Good girl. Okay.
Kerry. you take Caesar
in your mom's car.
You scour east of Wolf Road
down to Algonquin.
Kenneth. you take Kelly west.
I'll take everything south
down to O'Hare.
What about me? What should I do?
Stay here.
In case he calls
or comes back home.
Check in with your mom.
Kenneth. every 40 minutes.
Kerry. every 45.
I'm 50. Understood?
-I don't have any change.
-Just... call collect.
Come on. girl.
[exhales sharply]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
[car engine starts]
[telephone ringing]
Goes to Maine West?
Mine too. Sophomore?
As you were saying.
he works at the pharmacy?
-Yeah. He stocks shelves.
-Uh-hmm.
Elizabeth went in to pick him up
the same time as she always does
every night.
and Rob told her that he needed
to meet a man about a job.
Who? Harold: Didn't give a name.
He's a contractor.
He worked at construction.
And Elizabeth told Rob
that she'd wait for him
inside the store.
In the car.
I. I told him
I'd wait in the car.
Details matter. don't they?
Yeah.
Inside. outside. you know...
My wife is upset.
as you can imagine.
[sniffles]
Lt. Kozenczak: He's got a job.
So what's he meeting
with this guy for?
He's getting his license
this year.
Saving up for a car.
Lt. Kozenczak: All right.
All right. Well. listen.
we have the file.
but they usually show up. kids.
This is Des Plaines.
It's not Mayberry.
I'm guessing he had an itch.
He went down to Chicago...
Harold: No. no.
Lt. Kozenczak:...met... no?
Mr. Piest...
-Sir. he would not do that.
Lt. Kozenczak:
I've been chief of detectives
for a few months now.
Before that.
I was on the street.
Every parent who comes in
or cares enough to come in.
we get the same response.
One of two things
ends up happening here.
Either. A. they get picked up
by us for doing something dumb
or. B. they walk through
the front door
and they get grounded.
Okay?
Harold: He's an honor student.
Two badges away
from being an Eagle Scout.
My son would not leave
his mother
sitting in a freezing
parking lot on her birthday.
Do you understand?
If Rob said he would be back
in a minute.
he would be.
You're going to interview the.
uh. the contractor. right?
We're gonna review this file
and we're gonna figure out
what the next steps are.
So please go home
and get some sleep.
Do not go running around
with your dogs anymore.
We'll take it from here.
Hey. Hey. Let's go.
I can't find my gym shoe.
Shoe? You only got one of 'em?
Yeah.
Eat your breakfast.
[exhales sharply]
Good morning.
Goodnight.
Tell the boy he left
a fucking shoe in the yard.
You didn't wanna bring it in?
Helen: If I bent down.
I couldn't have got back up.
[indistinct chatter]
Yeah?
Why is this on my desk?
I would've put it in your hand
if it'd been there.
Helen had an overnight.
You try getting that little shit
ready for school.
out the door. and be on time.
I got kids too. I was on time.
Oh. yeah? Were they even awake
when you left?
-No.
-[scoffs]
You don't do shit.
Shut the fuck up.
Do me a favor.
Take a look at this.
Det. Tovar: Yeah. I did.
Missing kid. So what?
Just took off last night.
Okay. So you want me to bump
you back to narcotics right now
or you want me to wait
till the end of the day?
You ain't gotta be
so mean about it.
Was gonna say yes.
Uh-hmm.
You look good. by the way.
[slurps]
I know.
Kim Byers?
Yes. sir?
Detective Tovar.
How are you doing?
I'm fine. sir. How are you?
Uh. you worked
with Rob Piest yesterday. huh?
Yes. sir.
You're not a suspect.
Okay.
Unless you should be?
No.
Did he run away?
Go to the city?
Got friends there?
Know anything
about anything like that?
No. No. And he wouldn't.
You're so sure?
That's not him.
What's him?
A little nerdy.
He's a good-looking nerd.
You two a thing?
Before his mother came
to pick him up.
before he disappeared.
what happened?
A contractor came in here.
I have his card.
I took it out of the drawer
in case somebody asked.
So he was here?
Kim: Measuring some things
for some work he was gonna do.
Rob was gonna talk to him
about a job.
so he took his coat back
from me and left.
That's the last time I saw him.
Why'd you have his coat?
The door. Always opening.
I was freezing.
so he lent it to me.
Did you talk to this guy?
Kim: He did a job here
a few months back.
But he isn't really nice
to girls.
Isn't nice to girls.
I don't know. Just a feeling.
He was kinda mean.
Not just to me.
all the girls who work here.
He was nice to the boys.
[ominous music playing]
[car engine stops]
[♪♪♪]
[doorbell buzzes]
[pounding]
Police. Looking for John Gacy.
Can I help you?
Rafael Tovar.
You wanna hang up?
Had a death in the family.
My uncle.
Oh. I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah. Was expected. a little.
But I got my sister on the line.
We're just trying
to figure things out.
Well. we gotta talk.
Kid's missing.
Reported last seen with you.
Oh. Uh. hang on a second. Karen.
Um. yeah.
I don't know who that is.
-You run PDM Contractors?
-Yeah.
What's that stand for?
Uh. Pretty Damn Messy?
Polish Daily Maintenance?
[chuckles]
Painting. Decorating.
and Maintenance.
You were at the Nisson Pharmacy
last night
offering this kid a job?
Uh. I was there
but. no. I didn't.
I don't even know
who this kid is. but...
Tell your sister you'll
call her back. We gotta talk.
Did you not hear me when I said
I had a death in the family?
I did.
I need to get my affairs
in order.
I need a statement.
[chuckles]
Of course. Of course.
I mean. I. I don't mind.
I'd be glad to.
It's just could you give me
a few hours
to handle this
and then I... I'm all yours?
Swing by the station.
I'll be there.
Great.
Condolences again.
Appreciate you.
[♪♪♪]
[device beeping]
When I showed him
the photograph.
he said he never saw the kid.
But he got pissed at you.
Annoyed. And I was pushing him.
Dead uncle? I might be the same.
What do you think?
I think two people said
they saw them together.
No.
Two people said that Rob Piest
said they were together.
Nobody saw 'em.
What do you think?
That I spent
enough time undercover.
being lied to. in the eye.
No. the kid was with him.
And I think we need to get
a warrant for that house.
Yeah. Yeah. it's me.
Yeah. I need everything
that Chicago PD's got on a guy.
And I need a favor ASAP.
G-A-C-Y.
Thank you. sir.
Det. Tovar:
First name. John Wayne.
Hello. How we doing?
Det. Tovar: Yeah. Yeah.
-Hiya. How's it going?
Det. Tovar:
Like Rooster Cogburn.
Good to see you. gentlemen.
Thank you. officer.
-Mr. Gacy.
-Hi.
Thanks for coming in.
This is Lieutenant
Joe Kozenczak.
Mr. Gacy.
Yeah. Anything to help.
And. and John's fine.
Drop the mister.
I don't know who the hell
you're talking about. right?
Couldn't make it in last night?
I waited for you.
Oh. jeez.
Family and then a car accident.
Can you believe it?
When it rains.
Everything all right?
Oh. yeah. Everything's fine.
I just got a contusion
of the ego.
[chuckles]
Black ice.
I slipped off the road.
Guy with a truck pulled me out.
Well. don't suppose anything's
changed since yesterday.
but what we're all trying
to figure out
is why everybody seems
to think you met with this kid.
Right. Yeah.
Me too. Uh.
well. maybe he was saying
that he wanted to meet with me
because I'm a businessman.
right?
Successful.
Lots of jobs and employees.
Mostly high school kids. yeah?
Cops do cop things.
Yeah.
I'm giving 'em a chance
to learn a skill.
Keep 'em out of trouble.
They look at me.
see what they could be.
Anamosa State Penitentiary?
Cops do cop things.
So that.
that was a misunderstanding.
A 10-year stretch
ain't a misunderstanding.
I was out after 18 months
because it was
a misunderstanding.
Long about the Summer of '67.
August. maybe September of '67.
I was in Iowa running
for Jaycee president.
Jaycee?
The leadership organization.
Teaches entrepreneurship.
community service.
It's a high honor.
I was friends
with this guy.
Don Voorhees. and... Senior.
And I asked him to be
my campaign manager.
And in the incident in question.
I was driving. right?
I was just going about my day.
And I see his son.
Don Jr.. hitchhiking.
So I give him a ride.
And he starts
asking me about films.
What kind of films?
Come on.
I wanna hear you say it.
I came here to help.
Lieutenant. all right?
Last night.
I says about the death
in my family and he's rude.
just like this.
Lt. Kozenczak: I know.
It's how we know
we can trust you.
Right.
Stag films.
Like an asshole.
I took him home.
Got to drinking.
Showed him these films.
Then I got horny.
Anyhow. to cut
the conversation short.
what happened is that
he ended up blowing me.
I believe I blew him.
And he told his dad and I got
arrested and convicted.
Sodomy of an underage male.
You were married. right?
Yes. I was.
I had a wife and two kids.
and I haven't seen them since.
And why the fuck did I go and
get myself involved with him?
You go and get yourself
involved with Rob Piest?
[chuckles] No.
Based on your past convictions.
we got a warrant
to search your house.
We gonna find Rob in there?
No. you will not.
Okay.
[sniffles]
You can give us the keys
or we can just go in?
[chuckles]
Like the old-fashioned way?
There's no need to kick it down.
I'll just meet you over there.
No. We're gonna stay here
and chat some more.
Detectives Fanholm and
Albrecht. they'll take the keys.
Just wipe your feet please.
[knocks on door]
Det. Albrecht: Police.
Rob Piest. you in here?
[suspenseful music playing]
Rob Piest.
you're safe.
Call out to us if you can.
[♪♪♪]
Det. Fanholm: What the fuck?
What? You got something
against clowns?
I got something against people
with a thing for clowns.
You get the attic.
I'll stay down here.
[♪♪♪]
[sniffs]
Allen?
It's right on top of the trash.
We confirmed that Kim put it
in the kid's coat
when she borrowed it
and forgot to take it out
when she gave it back.
Original warrant
wasn't broad enough.
We need to get back in there
and tear that place apart.
Well. I can't get you another
warrant without probable cause.
Well. what the fuck
do you call that?
I call this a ticket
to develop photos.
Well. we got porn.
We got handcuffs.
We got police badges.
We got some big dick thing.
How much porn you got
in your house?
Him? Lots.
[scoffs] I don't have
this big dick thing. fucker.
I've been living
in this city my whole life.
I've never seen anything
like this guy's house.
What about this?
This isn't Gacy's.
That could be
his cousin's or nephew's.
Who the fuck knows?
Listen. if you're asking me.
it's enough.
But if you're asking the judge
who just gave us a warrant?
Not enough.
Those two fucking psychos
murdered that couple last year.
Do you remember that?
-Yeah.
Shot 'em in the fucking face.
Do you remember?
-Uh-hmm.
-In the face.
-Yeah. they got let go.
Yeah.
For unconstitutional
search and seizure.
We find out this guy took Piest.
the charges have to stick.
Don't blame me.
Blame George fucking
Washington or some shit.
Can I just say something here?
No. Raise your
fucking hand first.
We got the Anamosa thing.
We got the shit in the attic.
We got the porn.
shit like that. right?
Maybe this Piest kid's a fag.
right?
He. he... things get out of handy.
He. he. he doesn't know
how to go home.
He runs off.
He's hoovering dicks
for bus fare.
We're in here jerking off.
You know.
you're the one jerking off
in this scenario. right?
What is the matter with you?
-What is the matter with you?
-Shut the fuck up.
both of you.
-I don't see it.
The kid doesn't come
from that type of family.
Look. we don't need a warrant
to tail Gacy.
Put two teams on him.
One at night. These two schmucks
during the day.
Hey.
All right.
Look. and don't stay out
of sight. all right?
Let him know you're there.
all over him. wherever he goes.
Why?
I don't know.
Something about him.
It's like...
it's like he wants to be liked.
You've seen.
he's upstanding. you know?
Two cops following him around?
People starting
asking questions.
It'll get under his skin.
I don't know. Maybe.
maybe he does
something fucking stupid.
You have something to say?
You think the police are right?
That he just... he ran off?
Does that sound
like your brother?
No.
Do you know where he is?
Are you covering for him?
Kerry: No.
-Ma. that is our point.
-What's your point?
It sounds like the police
are paying you lip service.
Harold: What. what would you
like us to do?
You like us
to drive around randomly?
Maybe.
Okay. Maybe we do something
other than just to sit here
eating dinner like
nothing's fucking happened.
Maybe. Kenneth. the police know
more than a kid
studying to be an eye doctor.
Maybe.
[exhales sharply]
-You are not excused.
-I'm 24 and I didn't ask.
Goodnight. Ma.
-Ken...
See ya.
[door closes]
You said they said usually.
The detective.
You said he said missing kids
usually come home.
What happens when they don't?
All right. gentlemen.
Hot coffee.
Hot coffee coming in.
There you go. You take that.
You take that.
You boys have
any fun last night?
Hey. Mr. and Mrs. Pain
In My Balls are upset.
They wanna see you
when we get there.
About what?
Uh. started with the paint.
There's lead in it.
Dangerous or something.
Oh. God.
A bunch of hooey.
People see conspiracies
in everything these days.
don't they?
I'll give 'em
the old Gacy special. huh?
[chuckles]
Top of the morning.
Uh. Allen and Mike. right?
Good morning.
You know.
I've got some spare hammers.
if you care
to swing with me. huh?
Not today.
No? What you guys doing here?
Looking for Rob Piest.
Yeah. But you were in my house.
There was nothing there. right?
You cleared me.
-Uh-hmm.
Call it. uh. diligence.
Diligence.
Look at you.
[chuckles]
How long you guys
doing this for?
Till we get bored I guess
or you could just tell us
where he is.
I don't know where he is.
Wish I did.
Guess I'll be seeing you
around. huh?
Every way you look.
[♪♪♪]
John: All right. boys.
Follow me.
[♪♪♪]
[inaudible]
[chuckles] You see that?
That's what I was going...
I know. I'm spreading it.
I'm spreading it. God damn it.
[♪♪♪]
Where's the work van?
We got that estimate
across town.
Uh. impounded.
I think. they said.
-What?
-The cops came to my place.
They had papers and they said
they were taking the van.
And you just let them take it?
Yeah. John. I did.
They had papers.
You did the right thing.
You always do.
Thanks for telling me.
When's this gonna stop?
I don't know.
Phone. Sam.
Hon. can you help me out here?
Help you steal my plant?
The office needs
a little livening.
It's not gonna fit back there.
It fit when we brought it home.
You're aware plants grow. right?
I am.
Ah. See?
Told ya.
Sam: [on phone] Hello.
Sam.
It's John.
Sam: [on phone]
Pardon me? John who?
John Gacy.
John: [on phone] We saw
each other at my barbecue
awhile back.
Yeah. of course.
John. how are you?
Been a while.
John: [on phone] Yeah.
Great. Business is great.
I hear the kids are great.
Except. uh. my ex
can't be trusted. you know.
Neither of 'em.
Sam: [on phone] Right.
John: [on phone] You got
a sick kid over there. huh?
Yeah. How'd you know?
John: [on phone] I hear
cartoons on a school day.
Two plus two equals sick kid.
Sam: [on phone] Yeah.
Sure I'll be next.
Hey. did his
nursery work out good?
Sorry?
John: [on phone]
You had me bid on it.
And then. I don't know.
it seems like you went
with somebody else.
Yeah. we did.
Long time ago.
[on phone] Came out nice.
Very happy.
Hmm.
How's. how's defending
the public going?
No longer actually.
I'm... just opened
my own practice.
[on phone] You know.
just getting it off the ground.
Well. good on you.
Sam: [on phone] Yeah. Thank you.
So what can I do for you. John?
Right. Uh. listen.
Coppers.
Can they... can they just follow
you for as long as they want?
Well. that's a loaded question.
What're you getting at?
Are you being followed?
John: [on phone] Uh...
for about a week now.
Sam: [on phone] A week?
-Yeah.
[on phone] They think I saw
this kid right before
he upped and disappeared.
Did you? John: [on phone] No.
And I've offered
everything that I can.
[on phone] Time.
conversation. theories.
I mean. I gave 'em
the keys to my house.
Search it. I says.
But. now. I've got...
friends. employees.
and perfect strangers asking me
all these questions 'cause
they're with me all the time.
Okay. Who's this?
John: [on phone]
It's Des Plaines PD.
Allen Fanholm and Mike Albrecht.
You know 'em?
Yeah.
Work with Joe Kozenczak.
Yeah. And.
and Detective Tovar.
Sam: [on phone] All right.
Well. let me. um...
let me give him a call.
Were you gonna bill me for this?
Well. we'll see
what they say first.
Sam: Joe.
-Sam.
-Perfect timing.
-Oh.
-Holy shit.
Were you just waiting
in your car for me to get here?
-Yeah.
-Let me guess.
-You got your first client?
-Uh. nothing official.
Just poking around.
For an acquaintance.
-Yeah. Who is it?
John Wayne Gacy.
You've been following him
for a week now.
He been cooperating?
-Yup.
-Good.
You gonna charge him?
Haven't decided yet.
Well. time to piss or get
off the pot. my friend.
Or what?
Advise him to file
a civil suit for harassment.
Good luck with that.
You're not gonna pull your men?
No.
[♪♪♪]
There. There. He's right there.
That car?
Det. Albrecht: Yeah. Come on.
[♪♪♪]
Let's get in there.
Private property. man.
My ma's a member.
Hey. Come on. Say hi to my ma.
[indistinct chatter]
Hi. Ma.
-Oh. Mike. What a surprise.
-Nice to see you.
Hey. how are you? How are you?
Mikey. John: Alderman.
[chuckles]
I'll catch up with you in a bit.
There's some troublemakers
I gotta take care of here.
Well. well. well.
They let anybody
in here these days. huh?
John. this is my son. Mike.
and his friend. Al.
This is your son?
Yeah. [chuckles]
Wow. You made
a good-looking kid. Gladys.
-Oh.
-[chuckles]
What a camera-face.
Gladys: You two know each other?
Yeah.
These guys are my bodyguards.
[chuckles]
Say. you guys know
a good place to get some pie?
I got a hankering for pie.
Now. what kind of pie
do you want?
Gladys. it's the holidays.
so it's gotta be pumpkin.
-Or a pecan.
That is right. That's right.
Pumpkin reminds me of my ma.
'cause she used to bake 'em
right around this time of year.
And. you know. my dad.
he'd come home from work...
he was a mechanic.
so he'd come home
stinking of sweat and gas.
And he'd grab my mom
and give her a kiss
and she'd say. "Gosh."
Slide him away and say.
"Shower. you stink."
And. you know. he'd. he'd
kiss us kids and he'd...
[sniffs] he'd sniff the kitchen.
you know. smell the pie.
And he'd say. "That's a mother's
love right there."
Aww. for cute.
[John laughs]
So how long you've been
a member here. John?
You know. I. I.
I never seen you here before.
He's the most popular
non-member there is.
Is that right?
Yeah. I mean.
I get invites all the time.
Yeah? John: Yeah.
'Cause I got connections
with everybody
from the mayor to the mob
and all the muckety-mucks
in between.
Um...
word is that that Piest kid's
in Wisconsin. Hitchhiked.
You got any idea where. John?
I mean.
Wisconsin's a pretty big place.
Oh. that I know.
'cause I got property up there.
Yeah. Nevada. Minnesota.
Florida too.
That's a lot of taxes.
Well. Dad taught me.
real estate's king.
You liked your dad a lot. huh?
I did.
I mean. he was a hard man.
Hard to please.
Had a tough time keeping
his belt looped.
but... you know.
dads get a bad rap. you know?
They're getting us ready
for the real world.
Gladys: Uh-hmm.
They're hard.
'cause the real world is hard.
[♪♪♪]
[doorbell buzzes]
[doorbell buzzing]
[♪♪♪]
[sighs]
You can't be doin' that.
Mrs. Piest.
please do not go there again.
Harold: We understand.
She understands.
But he's a suspect. correct?
There's only so much
I'm allowed to share with you.
What I can say is that
we have been following him.
Did you bring him in?
Yes.
But we don't have anything
to hold him on.
Harold: How long
have you been following him?
Last seven days.
And you haven't arrested him?
What. what if... seven days?
What if he knows where Rob is?
We have to get this right.
It is imperative
that we get this right.
My son is out there.
Lt. Kozenczak:
I understand this. Mrs. Piest.
-Elizabeth. please.
-No. don't say that.
You don't. You don't understand.
He's out there. He needs us.
-Stop it.
We've been patient.
You disappeared.
You didn't. didn't call us.
Didn't come by.
Only now when I do something.
now you come?
I want some goddamn answers!
Okay.
I'm sorry.
You have nothing
to be sorry for.
We just need time.
I am asking you for more time.
And I promise you.
I will be in touch.
Rob's scared and alone.
You guys wanna buy some weed?
[laughs]
We know you got some in there.
How 'bout some fried fish?
Couple of beers?
Come on. Come on in. Warm up.
It's insultin' if you say no.
I know it doesn't look possible.
but you can fit
400 people in my yard.
It's a code violation.
Oh. listen to him.
Don't go callin'
the fire marshal on me
next year. okay?
But it's always theme parties.
right?
Um. we did Hawaii once.
And a couple years back.
there was a real
doozy bicentennial.
Um. okay.
You got to check this out.
Watch this. Huh?
Is it the right way?
Huh? Huh? Det. Fanholm: Hey.
What do you think?
Det. Fanholm: Yeah.
Paul Revere's
got nothin' on me. right?
The British are coming!
[laughing]
Yeah. you should have seen
the whole thing though.
It was really something.
The wig. the white wig.
you know?
-Right.
-And the lace
and the long coat.
Hey. do you guys know
Mrs. Rosalynn Carter?
Oh. yeah. sure. John.
I know the First Lady.
Oh. really? From where?
Uh. just the news and whatever.
Oh. Okay.
That makes sense.
Yeah. No. I met her.
I wouldn't even say that.
I welcomed her personally.
I threw an event for her.
Det. Fanholm: [inaudible]
No. yeah.
Yeah. I got a photo of us.
Right there.
Look. look. on the fridge.
Place of honor.
Det. Fanholm: Oh. yeah.
John: Yeah.
Would you guys check out my art
when you were in here?
You like it?
Pretty damn good. huh?
What do you think of my clowns?
-I think there's a lot of them.
-A lot. yeah.
Yeah. Well. yeah.
I got an infinity for 'em
'cause I clown.
What fuck does that mean?
Well.
[clown laughter]
Badoop. Badoop. Badoop.
Badoop. Badoop.
Badoop. Badoop. Badoop. Badoop.
Woo. Woo.
Bloop. bloop. bloop. bloop.
[clown laugh]
Pogo the Clown at your service.
Desperate to meet ya.
-Get the fuck out of here.
Okay. Okay.
I created it myself.
On account of me being Polish
and on the go all the time.
"Po-go."
-Yeah. yeah.
-Yeah. Do parades.
10. 15 parades. charities.
Oh. I did a cat show once
for the veep of Bressler.
The ice cream company.
you know. 33 flavors?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
I enjoy it. clownin'.
I mean. there's no money in it
but I find it relaxin'.
You know. I can just regress
into bein' a kid.
And there are things
that you can do
that you wouldn't do
as a person. you know?
You can sit on women's laps
and. you know. honk. honk.
cop a feel.
[honks]
-Okay.
-[laughs]
-Yeah.
They can't say anything
'cause you're a clown.
You're a clown. [laughs]
I do crippled kids. sick kids.
Oh. the look on their face.
-Yeah.
It's like retarded
Christmas mornin'. you know.
Oh. Yeah. it's the best.
But. uh.
only if I'm in a good mood
'cause if I'm in a bad mood.
it is bad for me to be a clown.
Woo. I'm serious.
'Cause some of those kids
can just be little bastards.
you know?
You know?
-Yeah.
And instead of pinchin' them
on the cheek.
you just want to whack
the shit out of them. right?
-Yeah.
-[inaudible] feel that.
But when you clown.
you can hide who you really are
and what you really feel.
You just hide
behind a mask of love.
and. happiness. and joy.
But...
I. I figure that clowns
can get away with anythin'.
'Cause nobody would expect it.
Shit.
They could murder somebody
and get away with it...
'cause nobody suspects a clown.
[♪♪♪]
[laughing]
[clears throat]
Use your washroom.
[water splashing]
[metal clanging]
[♪♪♪]
Oh. it sucks [inaudible]
Yeah. We. we gotta go.
John: What?
Why're you leavin' so soon?
Thanks for dinner. John.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[dinosaurs growling]
[phone ringing]
Answer it.
Hello. Tovar residence.
Dad. it's Mr. Fanholm.
Give it here.
Al.
Det. Fanholm:
[on phone] He finally did
something fuckin' stupid.
Huh? Wait. wait. wait.
Hang. hang on.
Turn that thing off right now.
Say again?
Det. Fanholm: [on phone]
Can you hear me?
Yeah. yeah. Go ahead.
Det. Fanholm: [on phone]
He invited us in.
out of the blue.
for food. beer. you know?
There's something wrong
in there.
There's a smell.
What're you talkin' about?
Det. Fanholm: [on phone] Been
around enough car accidents.
crime scenes. morgues.
There's a body
in that fuckin' house.
Sam.
Oh. shit. Are you headin' out?
I don't wanna keep you.
-Hey. John.
Uh. yeah. no.
thanks for stopping by.
I. uh. meant to call you.
My fault.
Yeah. No problem.
I brought this for your boy.
That's very kind of you. John.
Thanks.
Well. you know.
it's a real pisser being sick.
Yeah. Actually.
uh. Sammy. my son.
he's. he's in the hospital now.
-What?
-Yeah.
Fever spiked.
And. uh. Mary's over there now.
And our baby's with my mom.
And...
-Oh.
...I'm headed
to the hospital now. so...
Oh. shit.
-But. um...
-I'm so sorry.
Yeah. thank you. Thanks.
But. uh. it's. it's why
I. I didn't call you back. So...
Uh-huh.
...uh. if you can find time
tomorrow to come back in.
I'll have the paperwork ready
for you to sign. okay?
What for?
The cease-and-desist letter.
John.
-Oh.
-Against the Des Plaines PD.
-Right.
-Get them off your back.
Yeah. I. I think
you got a real case. so...
Yeah. Yeah.
That's. that's good. Sam.
Thanks. That sounds real good.
I'll come by tomorrow
and I'll sign everything.
But. um. you got just a minute?
John. I. I just told you.
my son's in the hospital. okay?
-Yeah. I heard you.
-Well...
But I've been contemplatin'.
okay?
Um. just been thinkin'.
This. this might influence
our case. Sam.
I think I know
why they're following me.
[sighs]
Okay.
Okay. John.
They think I did somethin'
with that Rob kid
because I think they figured out
that I brought him back
to my place.
[♪♪♪]
I thought you said
you didn't know him.
Yeah. I did say that.
but. I mean...
I. I met him...
and I brought him
back to my place.
And with you
bein' my lawyer and all now.
I just wanna clear the air.
[dramatic music playing]
Good mornin'.
Allen. Mike.
Is everything okay?
He's been here all night.
You guys gonna be here a while?
-We go where he goes.
-Hey. look. Sam.
We're just trying
to be stand up here.
We got another warrant.
We're gonna hit his house
in a bit. all right?
Listen...
if he tries to leave...
shoot out his fucking tires.
What the hell
are you talking about?
What happened in there?
I can't. I gotta go back...
get back to the office
before anybody goes back.
[gasps]
[♪♪♪]
Fuck.
[tense music playing]
[car engine revving]
[♪♪♪]
[car engine roaring]
[tires screeching]
Whoa.
Get me Kozenczak.
[engine revving]
[engine roaring]
[♪♪♪]
Ugh.
Shit.
Yeah. the guy's out of control.
What do you want us to do?
[tires screeching]
Lt. Kozenczak:
[on radio] Take him.
Okay.
Somebody get me
a fucking shovel!
[♪♪♪]